very good everyone here we are new
video of gta 5 a video in which good
today I bring you another one I repeat not another
challenge that is also true and flying a
little bit and such and such well I would like
know what these challenges look like and
aside I'll tell you a couple of little things
more important so that you can
participate in these challenges not apart from
do them on your own and that's good
This challenge was the idea of ​​Rubén Pérez
blank what good then here I leave a tweet
not the one that has put me that says I challenge you
to what happens and without parachute for the or of
binner wood in gta 5 then effectively
we have caught and good tyrant in
parachute by binner side and the
truth is that we have not gotten it
we have got
well, I was doing it while
that I was also doing you already know
that we can not play online because
because I'm banned and I do not
I can do something else because it 's going in
the whole play so neither creating another
account then I can I can remove the banner
good as I say the challenge because that
consists of getting us to one side of I came
no wood and then we went there and good such
they were the hosts now you are going to see them
here or the goddess taught that well
we were going to enter the metro pum and
got the host on 15 I say but
why the hell I did not go in yes yes
given full with it or because it has a
kind of metal bars not that good
it seems that there is a kind of
transparent glass because I many
sometimes I get stuck with the
bars but other times not shocked
no and well, the truth is that I give it
thank you very much to rubén pérez for
send me this challenge and you know
you can participate sending me the challenge
What do you want us to do?
in this case we have not achieved but already
you know that below in the description
you have my twitter if you need
anything or something you know that
Well, you send me a tweet and I
I will try to help and also for those of
the challenges
put it over there on twitter since
Well, I always read them and good
It is easier for me to read less with
comments then okay then
I just hope that I have
liked that you participate that good then
that you follow me on twitter and send me
and enough little things enough challenges for
good to climb and you know
that we see in the next video a
greeting and until next time
Y
yes
do not